Fix macos profiles extension (#89)
codemagic-ci-cd/cli-tools: CHANGELOG.md

Version 0.5.5
-------------

**Improvements**

> - Bugfix: export OSX related profiles with `.provisionprofile` extension instead of `.mobileprovision`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bugfix: export MacOS application's provisioning profiles with `.provisionprofile` extension instead of `.mobileprovision`.
```
